content/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning.mdx, before:

---
title: Barcode & ID Scanning
audience: users
description: Tips for getting a reliable scan at a Guestbook kiosk.
summary: Simple, non-technical tips for getting your ID or barcode to scan reliably, plus what to do when it fails.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 4
icon: scan-line
---

This page walks you through the basics and what to do if something feels off.

## Barcode & ID Scanning

If the kiosk has a scanner, scanning is usually the quickest path through.

## How to scan successfully

- Hold the barcode **steady** for a second.
- Keep it **flat** (not tilted away).
- Don’t press the card against the scanner window; a little space usually helps.
- If the scanner has trouble, try **slightly closer** or **slightly farther**.

## If you’re using a camera-based scanner

Some setups use a camera instead of a dedicated scanner.

- Make sure the barcode is **in frame**.
- Avoid glare (tilt the card a bit to reduce reflections).
- Hold steady until the kiosk reacts.

## If scanning fails

Try this quick checklist:

1. **Wipe the barcode area** (smudges are real).
2. Try a **different angle**.
3. Increase or reduce distance slightly.
4. Switch to **manual entry** if the kiosk allows it.

If scanning fails repeatedly, move to [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting) and/or ask staff for help.

Commit message:

Enhance user documentation for barcode ID scanning and confirmation feedback
- Updated the barcode ID scanning guide to clarify the use of cameras and added tips for successful scanning.
- Revised confirmation feedback section to include specific error messages and their meanings.
- Improved the getting started section with visual aids and clearer instructions for user interaction.
- Removed the signing-in documentation as its content has been integrated into other sections.

content/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning.mdx, after:

---
title: Barcode & ID Scanning
audience: users
description: Tips for getting a reliable scan at a Guestbook kiosk.
summary: Simple, non-technical tips for getting your ID or barcode to scan reliably, plus what to do when it fails.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 4
icon: scan-line
---

## Barcode & ID Scanning

If the kiosk has a scanner or camera, scanning is usually the quickest path through.

## How to scan successfully

- Hold the barcode/ID **steady** for a second.
- Keep it **flat** (not tilted away).
- Don’t press the card against the scanner window; a little space usually helps.
- If the scanner has trouble, try **slightly closer** or **slightly farther**.

## If you’re using a camera-based scanner

Some setups use a camera instead of a dedicated scanner. This typically includes a preview window of what the camrea can see, so users can line up their barcodes with the camera.

- Make sure the barcode is **in frame**.
- Avoid glare (tilt the card a bit to reduce reflections).
- Hold steady until the kiosk reacts. The camera reacts to changes in depth of field, and will adjust when it sees an object in front of it.

## Did you know?
Barcode scanners read the white part of the barcode, as the black part absorbs light, whereas white reflect it.

## If scanning fails

Try this quick checklist:

1. **Wipe the barcode area** (smudges are real).
2. Try a **different angle**.
3. Increase or reduce distance slightly.
4. Switch to **manual entry** if the kiosk allows it.

If scanning fails repeatedly, move to [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting) and/or ask staff for help.
