content/docs/users/confirmation-feedback.mdx, before:

---
title: Confirmation & Feedback
audience: users
description: What a successful check-in looks like and how to interpret errors.
summary: What to look for after submitting, what “success” means, and how to react to common error messages.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 5
icon: check
---

This page walks you through the basics and what to do if something feels off.

## Confirmation & Feedback

After you submit, the kiosk should show a clear success or error state.

## What success usually looks like

Common success indicators:

- A **confirmation message** like “You’re checked in”
- Your name or a timestamp displayed briefly
- The kiosk returns to the welcome screen

Some organizations also:

- Send an email confirmation
- Print a receipt

If you expected one of those and didn’t receive it, ask staff what the local process is.

## Common error messages

- **“Try again”**: the kiosk didn’t receive a valid value (often scan-related).
- **“Not recognized”**: the scanned value wasn’t found or isn’t accepted here.
- **“Required field missing”**: a form field still needs input.

## What to do next

- For scan-related errors: see [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)
- For repeated failures: see [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting)

Commit message:

Enhance user documentation for barcode ID scanning and confirmation feedback
- Updated the barcode ID scanning guide to clarify the use of cameras and added tips for successful scanning.
- Revised confirmation feedback section to include specific error messages and their meanings.
- Improved the getting started section with visual aids and clearer instructions for user interaction.
- Removed the signing-in documentation as its content has been integrated into other sections.

content/docs/users/confirmation-feedback.mdx, after:

---
title: Confirmation & Feedback
audience: users
description: What a successful check-in looks like and how to interpret errors.
summary: What to look for after submitting, what “success” means, and how to react to common error messages.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 5
icon: check
---

## Confirmation & Feedback

After you submit, the kiosk should show a clear success or error state.

## What success usually looks like

Common success indicators:

- A **confirmation message** like “You’re checked in”
- Your name or a timestamp displayed briefly
- The kiosk returns to the welcome screen


If you expected one of those and didn’t receive it, ask staff what the local process is.

## Common error messages

- **“That ID number has been recently scanned”**: The barcode reader or camera has submitted an entry for a successful scan, and is preventing duplicate submissions.
- **“Not recognized”**: the scanned value wasn’t found or isn’t accepted here.
- **“Required field missing”**: a form field still needs input.

## What to do next

- For scan-related errors: see [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)
- For repeated failures: see [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting)
