content/docs/users/getting-started.mdx, before:

---
title: Getting Started
audience: users
description: A quick overview of the Guestbook check-in experience.
summary: A quick tour of what the check-in flow looks like, what you might be asked for, and how to get through it without surprises.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 2
icon: play
---

This page walks you through the basics and what to do if something feels off.

## Getting Started

Guestbook is typically used on a kiosk or tablet in a lobby, classroom, or office.

## What the flow usually looks like

1. You’ll see a **welcome screen**.
2. You’ll be prompted to **scan an ID** or **enter your information**.
3. You may be asked for a couple extra details (depends on the organization).
4. You’ll get a **confirmation** that you’re checked in.

## What you might need

This varies by location, but commonly includes:

- An **ID card** or **barcode** (if scanning is enabled)
- Your **name** (manual entry)
- A **reason for visit** or **department/location** (sometimes)

## Accessibility notes

Guestbook is meant to be usable on:

- Touchscreens
- A keyboard
- A hardware barcode scanner (when present)

If a kiosk is physically hard to use (placement, glare, reach), don’t fight it — ask staff to assist or point you to an alternate station.

## Next

- [Signing In](/docs/users/signing-in)
- [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)

Commit message:

Enhance user documentation for barcode ID scanning and confirmation feedback
- Updated the barcode ID scanning guide to clarify the use of cameras and added tips for successful scanning.
- Revised confirmation feedback section to include specific error messages and their meanings.
- Improved the getting started section with visual aids and clearer instructions for user interaction.
- Removed the signing-in documentation as its content has been integrated into other sections.

content/docs/users/getting-started.mdx, after:

---
title: Getting Started
audience: users
description: A quick overview of the Guestbook check-in experience.
summary: A quick tour of what the check-in flow looks like, what you might be asked for, and how to get through it without surprises.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 2
icon: play
---
## Getting Started

Guestbook is typically used on a kiosk or tablet in a lobby, classroom, or office.

## What the flow usually looks like

1. You’ll see a **welcome screen** like this inviting you to check in.
![Main screen](/docs/users/screenshots/main-screen.png)
2. Once you've swiped or scanned your ID, it will very briefly show your ID/Name like this:
![ID/Name screen](/docs/users/screenshots/submitting-entry-capture-step.png)
3. Once the entry has been recorded on the backend, you'll see a success screen like this:
![Success screen](/docs/users/screenshots/submitting-entry-success.png)

## What you might need

This varies by location, but commonly includes:
- An **ID card** or **barcode** (if you're using a scanner)
- A **reason for visit** or **department/location** (sometimes, depends on the organization)

## Accessibility notes

Guestbook is meant to be usable by anyone, are typically shouldn't require any interaction beyond a swipe or scan.
If an ID card isn't available, check with staff regarding having a barcode printed for your convenience.

If a kiosk is physically hard to use (placement, glare, reach), don’t fight it — ask staff to assist or point you to an alternate station.

## Next

- [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)
