content/docs/users/page.mdx, before:

---
title: Users Documentation
audience: users
description: End-user guidance for interacting with Guestbook kiosks and sign-in interfaces.
summary: Start here if you're signing in at a Guestbook kiosk. This section explains what to expect, how to check in, and what to do when something goes sideways.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 1
icon: user
---
Guestbook is designed to be simple at the point of use: walk up, enter or scan, confirm, done.

This section covers:

- **Getting started:** what the flow looks like and what you might need.
- **Signing in:** manual entry vs scanning.
- **Scanning help:** tips for barcode/ID success.
- **Troubleshooting:** what to try before asking a manager for help.
- **Privacy:** what data is collected and how it’s used/stored/removed (simplified).

## Quick links

- [Getting Started](/docs/users/getting-started)
- [Signing In](/docs/users/signing-in)
- [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)
- [Confirmation & Feedback](/docs/users/confirmation-feedback)
- [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting)
- [Privacy & Data Use](/docs/users/privacy-data-use)

## Who this is for

This section is for **people checking in**.

If you’re deploying or managing kiosks, head to **Administrators**. If you’re integrating systems or working on the code, head to **Developers & Integrators**.

Commit message:

Enhance user documentation and improve styling
- Updated the summary in the user documentation for clarity.
- Refined the content to emphasize intuitive kiosk usage.
- Improved CSS styles for better readability and aesthetics across various components.
- Added a PageNavigation component to enhance user navigation within documentation.
- Adjusted dark mode styles for better contrast and visibility.

content/docs/users/page.mdx, after:

---
title: Users Documentation
audience: users
description: End-user guidance for interacting with Guestbook kiosks and sign-in interfaces.
summary: This documentation is for guests, detailing how to submit an entry, and what it might look like if something unexpected happens.
url_prefix: /docs/users
nav_order: 1
icon: user
---
Guestbook is designed to be simple at the point of use: Swipe or scan, no touch required. In many use-cases, training the users wouldn't be an option, or smart use of a guests limited time.  Our kiosks are designed to be as intuitive as possible.

This section covers:

- **Getting started:** what the flow looks like and what you might need.
- **Signing in:** manual entry vs scanning.
- **Scanning help:** tips for barcode/ID success.
- **Troubleshooting:** what to try before asking a manager for help.
- **Privacy:** what data is collected and how it’s used/stored/removed (simplified).

## Quick links

- [Getting Started](/docs/users/getting-started)
- [Signing In](/docs/users/signing-in)
- [Barcode & ID Scanning](/docs/users/barcode-id-scanning)
- [Confirmation & Feedback](/docs/users/confirmation-feedback)
- [Troubleshooting](/docs/users/troubleshooting)
- [Privacy & Data Use](/docs/users/privacy-data-use)

## Who this is for

This section is for **people checking in**.

If you’re deploying or managing kiosks, head to **Administrators**. If you’re integrating systems or working on the code, head to **Developers & Integrators**.
